README.md, before:

Oh man I dont remember how to use markdown so hopefully this works

# Hello!! Welcome to my nixos configuration :D I am happy to have you!
## I DON'T KNOW WHAT IM DOING
I am not a programmer, I can't code, I am a history teacher who likes technology and hates companies. 
I like how much I can make Nixos my own, and how easy it is to reproduce using it.  I don't have time to spend fixing my computer on updates that could break my machine (why I am not using arch).  So I chose nixos, and I do like technology so I decided to challenge myself even more by using hyprland hehe :D Though I said I don't have time to waste on arch's updates, I do have time to put work in to NixOS.  This is because I believe that NixOS offers a heavy upfront cost in exchange for long term payoff.  Once I get things configured to a point in which I like them, I should in theory not have to worry about anything really ever (or when I do have problems they can be addressed at my leisure and with no haste).  While I know arch takes a lot of upfront work, it would be much easier for me I am sure to grasp my head around its familiar-ish ways of doing things.  But it likely (imo) would have been easier to get on with my life using arch than NixOS.  I would just in turn have to deal with rolling releases which I don't think I want to but I digress.

I have flakes, but I don't understand them they make my head hurt and I try to touch them as little as possible (I fear for when I get nixos on laptop and have two devices).  I also have home-manager which i am slowly learning and liking.  It seems easy enough :D 

I would love any and all help because again **I have no idea what I am doing ever** I am mostly following vimjoyers guides on youtube, and what the lovely people in his discord tell me I should do.  

**Wallpapers I use are made by 8pxl please check them out [here!](https://8pxl.co)**

PS: If you are reading this on github, it may be worthwhile to know that this repo is a mirror of a repo I self host on my own gitea instance which is not publicly accessible.  But if you want to contribute I won't say no hehe

## My current To Do

### In Progress
- port all configs to home-manager (this has begun! hypr\*, and waybar (just config, need to port style) are now managed by hm!)
- configure neovim 

### To Do
- configure yazi
- configure notifications
- configure waybar
- configure rofi
- set up zfs
- finish server config
- setup zfs on server (install nixos??)
- fonts.nix needs mkDefault support somehow, others do too, but it also needs mkOption 

### Completed
- ~~make this (or a new repo, but preferably this) into a dotfiles repo~~ (essentially because of home-manager it is, just a bad name)
- ~~setup modularity will need help but is important~~ 
- ~~set up wireguard client~~
- ~~configure wl-clipboard (just figure it out how it works and what it can do first)~~
- ~~configure swww~~
- ~~setup screen recording~~ 
- ~~configure kitty~~ (both kitty, fish, and starship (which ironically isn't named) can and will need more configuration, but I am happy with it for now) 
- ~~configure fish~~
- ~~set up screenshots~~
- ~~set up hypridle~~
- ~~set up hyprlock~~
- ~~set up hypr* (shade, cursor, ... )~~
- ~~my desktop configuration is not up to speed yet so get it up to speed)~~
- ~~clean up the todo list (lol)~~
- ~~finish modularizing the packages group~~ (tbh ill never be done with this, but it is good enough for now!)

Commit message:

updated README, and cleaned up the git repo a little (i think in last commit) in anycase I got the big configs I wanted ported to home-manager (mainly hypr stuff, and waybar which is exciting from now on those will be per process tasks rather than a big all encompassing one, I foresee yazi, dunst, nvim, and rofi being my next areas of focus!

README.md, after:

Oh man I dont remember how to use markdown so hopefully this works

# Hello!! Welcome to my nixos configuration :D I am happy to have you!
## I DON'T KNOW WHAT IM DOING
I am not a programmer, I can't code, I am a history teacher who likes technology and hates companies. 
I like how much I can make Nixos my own, and how easy it is to reproduce using it.  I don't have time to spend fixing my computer on updates that could break my machine (why I am not using arch).  So I chose nixos, and I do like technology so I decided to challenge myself even more by using hyprland hehe :D Though I said I don't have time to waste on arch's updates, I do have time to put work in to NixOS.  This is because I believe that NixOS offers a heavy upfront cost in exchange for long term payoff.  Once I get things configured to a point in which I like them, I should in theory not have to worry about anything really ever (or when I do have problems they can be addressed at my leisure and with no haste).  While I know arch takes a lot of upfront work, it would be much easier for me I am sure to grasp my head around its familiar-ish ways of doing things.  But it likely (imo) would have been easier to get on with my life using arch than NixOS.  I would just in turn have to deal with rolling releases which I don't think I want to but I digress.

I have flakes, but I don't understand them they make my head hurt and I try to touch them as little as possible (I fear for when I get nixos on laptop and have two devices).  I also have home-manager which i am slowly learning and liking.  It seems easy enough :D 

I would love any and all help because again **I have no idea what I am doing ever** I am mostly following vimjoyers guides on youtube, and what the lovely people in his discord tell me I should do.  

**Wallpapers I use are made by 8pxl please check them out [here!](https://8pxl.co)**

PS: If you are reading this on github, it may be worthwhile to know that this repo is a mirror of a repo I self host on my own gitea instance which is not publicly accessible.  But if you want to contribute I won't say no hehe

## My current To Do

### In Progress
- configure neovim 
- configure yazi

### To Do
- configure notifications
- configure waybar
- configure rofi
- set up zfs
- finish server config
- setup zfs on server (install nixos??)
- fonts.nix needs mkDefault support somehow, others do too, but it also needs mkOption 

### Completed
- ~~port all configs to home-manager~~ happy with this for now, it doesnt need to be a big todo i can make it smaller moving forward
- ~~make this (or a new repo, but preferably this) into a dotfiles repo~~ (essentially because of home-manager it is, just a bad name)
- ~~setup modularity will need help but is important~~ 
- ~~set up wireguard client~~
- ~~configure wl-clipboard (just figure it out how it works and what it can do first)~~
- ~~configure swww~~
- ~~setup screen recording~~ 
- ~~configure kitty~~ (both kitty, fish, and starship (which ironically isn't named) can and will need more configuration, but I am happy with it for now) 
- ~~configure fish~~
- ~~set up screenshots~~
- ~~set up hypridle~~
- ~~set up hyprlock~~
- ~~set up hypr* (shade, cursor, ... )~~
- ~~my desktop configuration is not up to speed yet so get it up to speed)~~
- ~~clean up the todo list (lol)~~
- ~~finish modularizing the packages group~~ (tbh ill never be done with this, but it is good enough for now!)
